fix: Fixing and sharpening text in glossary. (#21)
starknet-io/docs-common-content: modules/ROOT/partials/partial_glossary.adoc

* xref:#rpc[RPC]

[#block]
== block

An ordered set of Starknet transactions. Blocks are built by the sequencer.

A block has the following identifiers:

[horizontal,labelwidth="20"]
block hash:: A unique identifier that can be used to query and refer to the block.
block number:: A number representing the location of the block in the sequence of accepted blocks in Starknet.

[#builtin]
== builtin

> A optimized low-level execution unit that is added to the Cairo CPU board to perform predefined computations that are expensive to perform in standard Cairo, including range-checks, Pedersen hash calculations, and ECDSA.

Reviewer: To change 'A' to 'An'

Author: Fixed.

> A optimized low-level execution unit that is added to the Cairo CPU board to perform predefined computations that are expensive to perform in standard Cairo, including range-checks, Pedersen hash calculations, and ECDSA.

Author: ```suggestion
An optimized low-level execution unit that is added to the Cairo CPU board to perform predefined computations that are expensive to perform in standard Cairo, including range-checks, Pedersen hash calculations, and ECDSA.
```

[#prover]
== prover

> An entity that receives the output of Cairo programs and generates proofs to be verified. The prover submits the proof to the verifier that registers the fact on L1. The prover generates proofs of computational integrity of the work performed by the sequencer.

Author: ```suggestion
The entity that receives the output of Cairo programs and generates proofs to be verified. In the context of Starknet, the prover generates proofs of the computational integrity of the work performed by the sequencer. It then submits the proof to the verifier on L1, which registers the fact.
```
